README.md, before:

# List Category Posts
List Category Posts allows you to list posts from a category into a post/page using the [catlist] shortcode. This shortcode accepts a category name or id, the order in which you want the posts to display, and the number of posts to display. You can use [catlist] as many times as needed with different arguments. Usage: [catlist argument1=value1 argument2=value2].

Master: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/picandocodigo/List-Category-Posts.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/picandocodigo/List-Category-Posts)

### Description
List Category Posts is a **[WordPress](http://wordpress.org) plugin** that allows you to list posts from a category into a post/page using the [catlist] shortcode. Please visit the [plugin's page on WordPress.org](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/list-category-posts/) to find out more.

The shortcode accepts a category name or id, the order in which you want the posts to display, and the number of posts to display. You can also display the post author, date, excerpt, custom field values, even the content! The [catlist] shortcode can be used as many times as needed with different arguments on each post/page.

Great to use WordPress as a CMS, and create pages with several categories posts.

**Widget**: It includes a widget which works pretty much the same as the plugin. Just add as many widgets as you want, and select all the available options from the Appearence > Widgets page.

Please, read the information on [Other Notes](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/list-category-posts/other_notes/) and [Changelog](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/list-category-posts/changelog/) to be aware of new functionality, and improvements to the plugin.

### Usage

`[catlist argument1=value1 argument2=value2]`

### Support the plugin

If you've found the plugin useful, consider making a [donation via PayPal](http://picandocodigo.net/programacion/wordpress/list-category-posts-wordpress-plugin-english/ "Donate via PayPal") or visit my Amazon Wishlist for [books](http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2HU1JYOF7DX5Q/ref=wl_web "Amazon Wishlist") or [comic books](http://www.amazon.com/registry/wishlist/1LVYAOJAZQOI0/ref=cm_wl_rlist_go_o) :). 

## Developers
| Name					| GitHub				| WordPress.org			| Web                       | Status				|
| :----					| :----					| :----					| :----                     | ----:					|
| Fernando Briano		| [picandocodigo][2.1.1]| [picandocodigo][2.1.2]| http://picandocodigo.net/	| Active				|

[2.1.1]: https://github.com/picandocodigo
[2.1.2]: http://profiles.wordpress.org/fernandobt


## License
__[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)__

```
List Category Posts

Copyright (C) 2008-2013  Fernando Briano (email : fernando@picandocodigo.net)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

Adds a Vagrant box for development

README.md, after:

# List Category Posts
List Category Posts is a **[WordPress](http://wordpress.org) plugin**
that allows you to list posts from a category into a post/page using
the [catlist] shortcode. This shortcode accepts a category name or id,
the order in which you want the posts to display, and the number of
posts to display. You can use [catlist] as many times as needed with
different arguments.

Usage:
`[catlist argument1=value1 argument2=value2]`

Please visit the
[plugin's page on WordPress.org](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/list-category-posts/)
to find out more.

Master: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/picandocodigo/List-Category-Posts.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/picandocodigo/List-Category-Posts)

# Development

A Vagrantfile is included to set up a box for WordPress development.
You need [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/) installed on your
computer.

Fork the repo, clone it locally and do `vagrant up`. You'll have a
WordPress instance running on http://127.0.0.1:8080/wordpress/.
Install WordPress from that URL and activate the plugin on
http://127.0.0.1:8080/wordpress/wp-admin/plugins.php.

The plugin code is linked directly on the box, so any change you make
on the code is reflected automatically on the Vagrant box's WordPress.

### Usage

`[catlist argument1=value1 argument2=value2]`

### Support the plugin

If you've found the plugin useful, consider making a [donation via PayPal](http://picandocodigo.net/programacion/wordpress/list-category-posts-wordpress-plugin-english/ "Donate via PayPal") or visit my Amazon Wishlist for [books](http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2HU1JYOF7DX5Q/ref=wl_web "Amazon Wishlist") or [comic books](http://www.amazon.com/registry/wishlist/1LVYAOJAZQOI0/ref=cm_wl_rlist_go_o) :). 

## Developers
| Name					| GitHub				| WordPress.org			| Web                       | Status				|
| :----					| :----					| :----					| :----                     | ----:					|
| Fernando Briano		| [picandocodigo][2.1.1]| [picandocodigo][2.1.2]| http://picandocodigo.net/	| Active				|

[2.1.1]: https://github.com/picandocodigo
[2.1.2]: http://profiles.wordpress.org/fernandobt


## License
__[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)__

```
List Category Posts

Copyright (C) 2008-2013  Fernando Briano (email : fernando@picandocodigo.net)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
